docs: update content to reflect latest style guide (#2522)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/troubleshooting-slow-workspaces.adoc

Providing enough CPU resources::
+

> Plug-ins consume CPU resources. For example, when a plugin provides IntelliSense features, adding more CPU resources can lead to better performance.

Reviewer: :)
```suggestion
Plugins consume CPU resources. For example, when a plugin provides IntelliSense features, adding more CPU resources can lead to better performance.
```

Reviewer 2: `can lead to better performance.` > `improve performance.`
